
Q: I started rdesktop without the "-r addin:rdp2tcp:" argument, ...
A: It is not possible to start the client on-demand if the rdesktop
   has not been started with the correct command line.
   This feature will not be implemented since it would require extra
   patches for rdesktop.

Q: I want to use rdp2tcp without rdesktop because ...
A: It is not possible to use the client without rdesktop already running.
   rdp2tcp is a rdesktop virtual channel helper, not a RDP implementation.

Q: How to check if rdesktop is compiled with OOP patch ?
A: Run "rdesktop 2>&1 | grep addin". If you see no result,
   rdesktop is not patched.

Q: rdesktop says "Error executing child: No such file or directory"
A: The rdp2tcp client path provided with the "-r addin:rdp2tcp:"
   argument is not correct.

Q: I get "error: cannot attach RDP stream" when i start rdp2tcp server
A: rdp2tcp.exe was not started within a Terminal Server session.

Q: I forwarded remote port 445 on my Linux host but smbclient fails
   when trying to connect to local port XYZ.
A: This is a smbclient bug, not a rdp2tcp bug! smbclient selects its
   protocol (netbios or SMB) based on the port number. It will try
   to use netbios protocol whenever the destination port is not 445.
   Therefore you have 3 choices:
     - patch smbclient :)
     - wrap the smbclient with a SOCKS5 client (tsocks, proxychains, ...)
     - starts another tunneling tools (ex: socat) locally to forward
       port 445 to port XYZ (must be done as root since 445 < 1024).

Q: the input generated by rdpupload looks like garbage
A: your keyboard layout is different than the keyboard layout of the TS.
   restart rdesktop with "-g <layout>"

Q: rdpupload is slow ...
A: It is not expected to run fast ...
   "debug" encoding generates smaller payload than "vb" encoding.
   try to play with "-s" option (ex: -s 0.5).
   compress/pack the file you are trying to upload (ex: upx)

Q: Where can I find a precompiled rdp2tcp.exe server binary ?
A: Precompiled binaries are not provided ... Use mingw32.

